README.md, before:

# Learn English

## Link

This aplication is running at onrender.com:
[learn-english-app](https://learn-english-app-jbhf.onrender.com)

## Overview

Learn English is an application with the purpose of making learning english or finnish easy.

First step is to setup a test

![Test_setup](./images/test-setup.png)

The enduser can try to correctly translate each word from finnish to english or vice versa.

![Test_empty](./images/test-empty.png)

When the enduser submits their answers the application will tell them how well they did.

![Results_great](./images/results-great.png)
![Results_mediocre](./images/results-mediocre.png)
![Results_bad](./images/results-bad.png)

Scores are saved into the databse for the enduser to track down their progress.
The application runs with a database from where it gets its data for the words and scores.

![Scoreboard_1](./images/scoreboard-1.png)
![Words_1](./images/words-1.png)

This application also provides the opportunity for the enduser to create more words, delete or edit the existing words.

![Add_word](./images/add-new-word.png)
![Edit_word](./images/edit-word.png)
![Delete_word](./images/delete-word.png)

## Project Structure

The whole application is split into two pieces -> frontend and backend.
Frontend handles the overall style and implementation of the application.
Backend handles the calls that the frontend makes to the database.

```plaintext
project-root
|-- frontend
|   |-- src
|   |   |-- pages
|   |   |   |-- all the different components ->
|   |   |-- App.jsx
|   |   |-- main.jsx
|-- backend
|   |-- src
|   |   |-- database
|   |   |   |-- all the necessary functions for database ->
|   |   |-- routes
|   |   |   |-- words-router
<   |   |   |-- scores-router
|   |   |-- index.js
|-- docs
```

## Installation

First download the repository to your computer.

After that you can then simply install the app and run it with these commands

Install dependencies:

```plaintext
npm run install-all
```

Run the app:

```plaintext
npm run start
```

Or if you want to run frontend and backend separately:

```plaintext
npm run start-frontend
npm run start-backend
```

Commit message:

add: video of app to readme

README.md, after:

# Learn English

## Links

This aplication is running at onrender.com:
[learn english app](https://learn-english-app-jbhf.onrender.com)

Video demonstrating the usage of the app:
[walkthrough of the app](https://youtu.be/sQA73MaRZA4?si=x5m8VFTdx30Yuvzf)

## Overview

Learn English is an application with the purpose of making learning english or finnish easy.

First step is to setup a test

![Test_setup](./images/test-setup.png)

The enduser can try to correctly translate each word from finnish to english or vice versa.

![Test_empty](./images/test-empty.png)

When the enduser submits their answers the application will tell them how well they did.

![Results_great](./images/results-great.png)
![Results_mediocre](./images/results-mediocre.png)
![Results_bad](./images/results-bad.png)

Scores are saved into the databse for the enduser to track down their progress.
The application runs with a database from where it gets its data for the words and scores.

![Scoreboard_1](./images/scoreboard-1.png)
![Words_1](./images/words-1.png)

This application also provides the opportunity for the enduser to create more words, delete or edit the existing words.

![Add_word](./images/add-new-word.png)
![Edit_word](./images/edit-word.png)
![Delete_word](./images/delete-word.png)

## Project Structure

The whole application is split into two pieces -> frontend and backend.
Frontend handles the overall style and implementation of the application.
Backend handles the calls that the frontend makes to the database.

```plaintext
project-root
|-- frontend
|   |-- src
|   |   |-- pages
|   |   |   |-- all the different components ->
|   |   |-- App.jsx
|   |   |-- main.jsx
|-- backend
|   |-- src
|   |   |-- database
|   |   |   |-- all the necessary functions for database ->
|   |   |-- routes
|   |   |   |-- words-router
<   |   |   |-- scores-router
|   |   |-- index.js
|-- docs
```

## Installation

First download the repository to your computer.

After that you can then simply install the app and run it with these commands

Install dependencies:

```plaintext
npm run install-all
```

Run the app:

```plaintext
npm run start
```

Or if you want to run frontend and backend separately:

```plaintext
npm run start-frontend
npm run start-backend
```
